What do you have, long?
Yeah, I have to.
Senator Munger's rather alone there at the Long Committee
table.
Senator Conner, may I have a recap?
Now he is calling his order and there's the flight
to the afternoon.
Committee Council, Jenkins takes his place
to side, Senator Munger.
The plane is going to be in a hurry.
The flight is going to be in a hurry.
While they are waiting, you can have a more democratic
meeting.
The forum can be present here.
Let's return to our studio to cut the country
to permit our state to identify themselves.
The Intercom to the area of the VBC Television Department.
The Lesser Form of the Vercut of Columbia,
59th Century, the brand new brand new store,
Elections and Avenue, between
and the gradients.
We will interrupt it by the explanation of my 10-minute
period.
The last, as it surely calls, is what got in
beyond the period of January 20th.
Over to some unnamed data on the occasion of a telephone
call with George Sikowski, which, if the chair and the
teacher answered correctly, did not involve what you considered
to be any improper means on the part of Mr.
Carr.
He simply said that at the time of the occurred, he thought it was
a bit unusual.
That was a great stir.
I will give you a big talk in the next room.
Mr. Sikowski, you were in the conference.
Mr. Sikowski, you were not in witness at the first time
with time to determine whether or not you were going to be
getting Mr. Carr.
Will you take your name me now or your files?
And what date was that, by the way, if you haven't?
I found Mr. Sikowski, as I remember, on the case of
February and on the Trump's February and on the 15th
or so.
However, the fifth of February, at least then, there has
been nothing that has the time and place.
Taking place, you can come to the infact around the part of
Carr.
And we will move down to the present date from the fifth of
February and specify the fifth date and the next year of
the first action or conversation on Carr's part as
you are waiting to get in the conference, or the late
concise date that is what it was enough to intimidate
you.
Well, my call was because people always knew about the
Carr's urgent.
I have stayed to, I thought they were, I did not think that
himself would come to the threat.
So, we're going to make them the following.
The thousandth year I think is the February 50th.
That is correct.
Will you keep going coming down to Ardenay and tell us the
weight of the February and faith in New York?
On February 18th.
February 18th, on the occasion of this week's event.
I was told by Mr. Home that I would have no longer,
that she could no longer negotiate with me, that it was
Mr. Carr or Sir Paul Hayden with whom I would have to
negotiate.
Well, there's no way can Mr. Carr's hardest,
nearly for the purpose of showing the dinner and now
these things are out.
Well, well, he's been going 18th and he's gone moving
to Ardenay and he's gone.
When Mr. Carr has been first in debt to himself improperly
into the uninfected Carr, so to give it to date and
might belong my vision.
When you were able to find that thought, Mr. Carr,
tell us something on the number of occasions.
On the vote of Marantini, so that he thanked his team,
that was important for the Ardenay,
was important to me.
He made it clear that I had to come to
when he breathed the need of the net of a building for lunch.
And he gives it.
Well, there's the lunch.
I don't recall the time I picked him up as his office
first to mount.
But in any event, after lunch, he told me
to go to the town of Ardenay.
So, by the track, a long lunch.
That, and...
I don't know.
No, just not a point of what I remember.
I call it a fair decision to meet the first
issues of Mr. Ardenay and Mr. Carr.
Even the last day, the last day,
the last day, the last day, the last day,
the last day, the last day, the last day, the last day,
the last day, the last day, the last day, the last day
the last day, the last day, the last day, yesterday,
the last day yesterday, the last day.
The last day, the last day, the last day, the last day,
yesterday, the last day, the very last day, the last day,
the last day, the last day, the last day, the last day,
the last day, the last day, the last day,
the last day, the last day, the last day, the last day
the last day, the last day, the last day, radical investigation,
based army on that case.
The last classification Mr. Chairman,
There was
I mean it was
now, right?
Yes.
Mr. Adams, I know you'll fight me at my scheduled
persistence, but you are about to go to.
I'm about to go to.
You recognize, when you and I were young men out there in the early 30s,
about to put it was played by guns, by gunstorms, by
defecations, by demonstrators, humanity to survive.
Most of those difficulties and counter-dumbs and
consequences came with the kind of resistance people.
It's just been all the time.
Now, so far it's over the day now.
And, over half time, a little perseverance
and patience on its effectiveness, but I think we must
stick with my support now and I just hope that it can be
human-right-round and have a clean.
Anything with that is an ancient of a threat.
Am I incorrect in you calling your direct testimony to the
effect system in recounting that yesterday or
24, the luncheon and the number of those.
You stated that Carl is reporting to you in front of a
progress report in the direction of placating
the parties in coal and that you felt that that time,
Carl had no personal interest in shine, but was
rather serving as an intermediary sign of the heavy threat.
He's not so much of an intermediary trying to make peace
for those impeccions, passing on to meet his evaluation
or for takes beyond.
On the left, though it would interpretation as his understanding
of what may have been the opinion of the coal,
rather than he wanted to.
I think so.
And the weather on the time was determined whether it was
his father, Mr. Carl had his relationship to
his associates on the committee.
A statistician who proved rather than knowledge is to
the position that you had with your associates to be honest.
You never received a certificate of advice, you would
have a good way to initiate phone calls of Mr.
Thorne and say him a different luncheon, he was calling
and he would have to keep made sense because you had
a business with a committee and you felt that was
in your mind a bit.
You were not in any way doing that because you were trying
to call out here, is it not considerable?
Mr. Kyle, here's the strategy.
It's conversing with you, most in the same fight in the
truth and rest of people may remember his development.
It's considerable, sir.
It's not considerable.
If you would not be prepared to deny that, I apologize to you
at the moment.
Of course, I began to feel and by certainly felt after
syndrome copies, childhood and family
published, what it was, let the pattern begin
more clear.
It is wrong for an agent to transmit threats in
the name and the incident to the next week,
for the coincidence of the fifth of March.
Well, certainly.
For this, I'm giving you a new date and a new
account and a new report that will pass the
race for March 4th, on the basis of that, certainly
conceivably, as Twitter said, a friendly
discussion with you and the common issues with you and
these days of trying to have respectable and peaceful
relations between the 20th.
Well, the great difference between the publication
and the Spanish Macinty's, number answer.
How do you like my thoughts?
March 4th.
Yes, sir.
And let's say for the shadow of the Chiquai
Meekens, I presume we're published with his
observation.
I presume we're written by him and those men are
false.
They are so false that they're dating
false in my line from my knowledge.
Very well, now, before they get to March 12th,
they will show understanding up until that date.
There are no actions on the father's file which
at the time they were made.
Could these be interpreted by you as the
search for the army, as the efforts to intimidate
the army, or as the improper means for
the influence of the decisions of the army?
How far so much so?
Well, although it's a, we still have a week,
which is much, much, much, 12th, maybe there's some of
that there are a little number.
Okay, and one time, I told one, I had at least
one telephone conversation with Mr.
Carr, not about the age of March.
Very good.
That's all the process.
You wish he was urging me to come up and say
him, telling me you can say he has come up yesterday
and you haven't done it.
You said you've come up to 84, you haven't done it.
This is my last offer, friends.
I didn't know exactly what he meant, but
it was a strange thing today.
Would you want to get in place?
Mr. Carr, before the American published on the
page, you said the statement that you've been saying is
you don't know what it meant?
Well, I, uh, surely I don't know what it meant.
I didn't do it.
I have no more answers for Mr. Carr, and I have him,
all the lift to the party to the future.
All I've told him today is, you are normally
too adamant to be including yourself,
or friend of mine.
I'm just looking very true.
And I don't feel I let the executive agency change any of this.
I'm engaged and attacked by people without
specifying the charges.
Any more than I've used congressional committees to do this.
congressional committees have been really
criticized by the press for having done it.
I would expect the press to ask the same way
if the executive agency do it.
I hope that it is not done, so I hope
there is an easy, reasonable specification
charges against Mr. Carr, or which role?
In the interest of frequency and purpose.
Now, we'll have the telephone conversation
with you for another time.
I don't understand.
Do you want to say in your old-to-do deal
that that should be considered as an invite to Mr. Carr?
On the east.
Well, I felt that there was an indication
to me that I didn't get up there, the, uh,
the charge efforts to assist Mr. Carr,
Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cooke, is efforts that he,
I'm interested in telling me that he was
undertaking to, uh, to meet him as the, uh,
higher, higher, he'd be tempered,
to spend a little bit of exciting
against the Army, with things.
And I, uh, you know, there's something
I'm also like that for nothing.
My time is as far as the starting
and the March 5th, then, will be resumed.
I'll wait for Senator West.
Uh, Mr. Adams, I would like to resume
the previous line of questioning,
and I would like to invite your attention
to the charge at 25 on page 12 of the
bill of the six years committed by Mr. Cooke,
Mr. Carr and Senator McCarty.
On page 25, page 12 of the thinking
of his documents that are referred to
I told him.
On or about October 21, 1953,
Mr. Adams renewed his suggestion
that the Subcommittee conduct an investigation
of the Navy and Air Force
and drop the investigation of his
departs end of school.
Mr. Adams, is that
allegation true or false?
The allegation is false.
Now, paragraph 26 on page 13,
again, referring to the same document,
says tonight's vote.
On or about November 6, 1953,
look at Stephen and Mr. Adams
suggested that the Navy, Air Force,
and Defense and Stalinism,
as Defense and Stalinist,
would be a appropriate object
of an investigation.
Instead of their administration of the Army,
and Mr. Adams offered to supply information
about this end of school.
First, Mr. Adams, if you ever hear Mr. Stephen
make such a suggestion to any
son of yours on the subcommittee
or to any of the subcommittee's plans.
Mark, did you ever make such a suggestion
to any of the senators on the subcommittee
or any of the subcommittee's plans?
First, did you, Mr. Adams,
ever offer to supply information
about the Navy, Air Force,
or Defense, establishment's profit?
To the subcommittee for their investigation.
I am not saying that I'm not saying that.
Now, it's weird.
We're referring back to the
allegation in paragraph 26
that I read to you just a moment ago.
Is that allegation true or false?
Paragraph 27 on page 13,
and I continue to read from this same document.
State and I quote,
honor of bottom of November 14, 1953.
Mr. Adams advised that in his opinion,
the time is right for the investigation
to turn to the Navy and to full.
The stratum is that statement true or false.
We're referring again to the same document.
Paragraph 28 page 13, states, and I quote,
honor of bottom of November 17, 1953.
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams renew their request
that the subcommittee should investigate
the Navy and Air Force, and, quote,
the human stratum here, Mr. Stevens,
makes such a request to any member
of the subcommittee or subcommittee spent.
No, chair, I did not.
As far as you're concerned, personally, Mr. Adams,
is this statement true or false?
Recall your attention now to page 13,
same document, paragraph 29,
states, and I quote.
Honor of bottom of November 30, 1953,
Mr. Adams made a specific suggestion
and offer of assistance in switching
the subcommittee's quote from his department
to another branch of the service,
and it's false.
Does this statement Mr. Adams true or false?
Page 13, again, the same document,
paragraph 30, states, and I quote.
Honor of bottom of November 9, 1953,
Mr. Adams, again, urged the subcommittee
to investigate security risks in the Air Force,
and offered specific information
and return for certain information
he desired from us,
in post-falling a further investigation
of news department and the post.
The human-street Adams urged that the subcommittee
investigate security risks
in the Air Force Honor of bottom of December 9, 1953.
I did not.
Did you offer specific information
in regard to this matter?
I did not, chair.
I never answered information.
I wouldn't have offered it if he had had it.
Mr. Jones stated on me to press
on March 14th of this year
in answer to a question by Larry C. Matt,
but you, Mr. Adams, stated that you
were trying to subcommittee
with information concerning an Air Force base
where there were number of suspect deviates,
and you, Mr. Adams, thought this would make
an excellent hearing for the subcommittee.
He went on to say, and I quote Mr. Stone as follows.
I might say I remembered that very clearly
because Mr. Adams took off a pad of paper
and drew a map of the country
and divided into sections and numbers of them,
one through nine, as I recall it,
and told Mr. Caw and myself
that if we would indicate on that map
the location of the Army base
was where a bomb to investigate
that he would mark on that map
the location of an Air Force base
wherein this map existed,
and that we would then be able to go after that.
End of folks from Mr. Caw's statement
on me to press on March 14th of this year.
Is this allegation of Mr. Caw's
through orself, taking his fault?
That's why all my thoughts are in this time of the day.
Are you back to balance the mind?
Thank you.
Stand at it.
The trial of the division is the wrong telephone call
of the people of this group of Caw's case.
It is immediately with the Caw's case
that eventually between the fishing Caw's case
and the other Caw's case,
and we'll be there for a meeting of issues.
You will be both with Mr. Caw's case.
Mr. Caw's case was a closing capacity
luncheon in the merchant's club
on the 17th of November's death.
What about the other cases?
There was no other occasion
when I was a Mr. Caw's case president
that I now remember.
So you'll be in the one-on-one construction in New York.
Yes, Mr. Caw's, who is president?
Yes, Mr. Caw's.
I know that the disconnection is just testimony
that you went to the method that you were looking
or to have lunch with Frank Caw along
at any occasion.
Now, the innovation of that.
I've resumed that on occasions
there were luncheon stations with the Caw along the tail,
and the dining room.
There were one lunch in the Italian hotel
on the 15th of December
and the half-day in the state and the standard
car having said that the fifth moment
is the only one I remember.
Whether it be stuck in the room,
or the lunch room,
at the counter, I'm sure he'll get it.
I don't know at all.
There means things that I don't know at all.
Well, why are these the first things
for all the more reason?
Because in my mind, I'll get this.
Oh, because the creation of a socially bent
will probably fight
by the way after the five-five days
where the half-the-calorie of the store
costs the enjoy on medication.
Yes.
So, there was the five nights
the store was on gas and restaurants.
Yes.
Like a merchant's car, the meanwhile.
And the caravans in Washington
were sent to the method
into the dining room.
Yes.
We give it a lot of lunch and that
mission is to call you the service.
Yes.
And which is quite a worry,
father and son,
your patience for
child and son.
Any feud with developing is going on.
Childish husband and son.
Childish, rather any feud is what
they call it.
Well, we will call her
and get straight to the job.
But these developments were in time.
I was into the arms there
a total of stuff.
I think 12 days,
I'm doing October in November,
and the day is always day temperate.
And, um,
on about 57,
the four vacations we have lunch together.
And, um,
we went for the moment together.
We have lunch together
for the month.
When I think we have lunch together
in cash and we're at about 57 days,
we've been in emergency
for twice within a month.
And another time,
we've been in a mess.
Uh,
what Mr. Cohen will
throw to Mr. Carly and his
terrible woman on the air known.
Uh, all of a sudden,
I think that was on November 23rd.
Uh,
so what is the price of that each one evening?
And then, uh,
I was on November 24th,
24th last year,
and the McCarthy had had a
television broadcast.
I was not listening very to the evenings,
but I went over to
11th area in May to watch
with television broadcast
and first of all,
to last in a fairly large
five-to-five pictures.
So, then, how does that?
Now, what's this talk about?
And, uh,
on another occasion,
one or two occasions,
first of all,
to keep the hearing
in New York,
who's right up town together
on one occasion,
we stopped in the allowing
to the world
or the story of an hour or so.
On one occasion,
what is the apartment
of the French and the Democratic?
Well, the only reason
we should be proud of
is for the first two days.
One secretary seemed
with his own sense.
I think the question
whether he had a good deal
of his discussion back
and forth over here
at the time,
wasn't in the nature
of the river in ten days.
And he's got up
to see it and he left
in full close expressions
to you,
which, uh, when we do
the cold winter,
have a significant
speciality wasn't intended.
So, what I'm trying
to rationalize
is the alleged
heart's grace
that our hands, uh,
condying,
promised to devibition
column that he was going
to wreck the army
and that's what it means.
Against the very
interesting
and almost continuous
social backdrop,
which would remind
one of that old play
that the popularity
of his old friendly enemy,
and that perhaps
some of the theme
would be taken out
as well.
That's all, Mr. Chair.
I'm just out of it.
Mr. Adam,
not only would
it interest to be
questioning
of the chair of Mr.
Inspector Mr. Car.
Now, uh,
our counsel
for the committee says
he charges to made up,
uh, very quickly,
at his request,
and I think Mr. Wells,
at some point,
verified the fact
that they were made up
quickly.
In all frankness, uh,
if you, uh,
had a chance
now to revise those charges,
would you take Mr.
Car's name out?
Sure, I was not
for the principal reason
of the number
and, uh, which he permitted
to be published
over the line-in,
as much as anything else,
sir, which he permitted
to be published over his name,
and which, uh,
suggests his actions
on my part,
is not true.
Uh, that was the
hardest thing of all,
for me to say,
uh,
and, uh,
the other, uh,
uh, investigations,
I think,
I suspect,
which,
be clear,
it's just one time to decide
whether they should be
in here or come out.
Uh, what's the memorandum
you're referring to?
I'm referring to those memorandas.
Uh, probably some 12th of March,
therefore,
uh, which refers to
actions on my part,
the work of the shine,
actions,
fishing of action.
You feel that you're going to
develop something
in the future with respect
in Mr. Carr?
Well,
do you feel that you've
developed something in the future
with respect in Mr. Carr?
I don't think I understand
the yet.
Well,
there are any charges
that you plan to make
against Mr. Carr
or that you haven't yet made?
No, sir.
Because, if they were,
I think you should make them now.
And they aren't,
and is that correct?
He says they need
to annihilate his needs
and this is the memorandum.
Mr. Carr?
Oh, specifically,
on December 9, 1953,
I noticed a memorandum
from Frank Carr
to send him a car to
him.
He says again today,
John Adams came down here
after the hearing,
and using clever phrases
trying to find out
what's there for us
if he and Steven did
something for shine.
He refers to shine
as our hostage,
or the hostage
whenever his name comes up.
Is that statement
of Mr. Carr
and his memorandum
to a fall?
First fall.
There.
I would like to state one thing
further.
The first time in my life.
Correction.
And it's not the first time in my life.
The first time in relationship.
And with Timothy,
the life and remember
having heard the word hostage,
was when we were
more than meeting.
A hostage in so far as a concern.
Shine.
Was when I was
more than meeting.
Suddenly,
went through a meeting of
some of the members of the community
on January 22nd.
With some of the friends
who were still shines
as a hostage.
I tell them,
Frank Carr,
if you may,
then I have to tell them,
if it was truly spread
great concern.
I was very shocked to death.
You know, I've never heard of this before.
But I can remember
that it did get to
a very hard point to taste.
It was an entirely new
movement of the entire
disaster.
Carr says,
is it that he had heard
the word hostage?
He said,
something to be affected
on the force and trade.
He thought the time to talk
about the economy
was not coming around.
But I hear it from my
friend, which is much earlier.
I have to lie down today.
I just cannot
think and file a
back-to-bind recall.
You want to participate,
my next question.
Did you ever use the word
hostage to Mr. Carr
with respect to Shine?
Well,
I think we'll find
the line further on January 22nd.
It may have been used
if we entirely, once you
try, because we saw some
iron and that's who
that is who that is.
That's the Democratic.
But prior to January 22nd,
I had insofar
I can recall it was never
used.
Do you remember any
specific time when you did
use it?
No, I don't.
Do you remember any specific
time when you used it with Mr.
Cohn or send him a
copy?
Well, I'm not sure if I didn't
do it with too much of
the official.
It's for the business.
Cohn, I wasn't
just done with him.
So your recollection is
that if you use the word
hostage, you only use it
for Mr. Carr and you're not
sure whether you use it
at all.
Is that correct?
Yes, Sharon, if I use it
for Mr. Carr,
the consequences
January 22nd, which is
the first time we've ever
brought into the picture
insofar as I can recall.
And as we've only
been when we were alone
together because we both
saw the same sort of
iron and knew
the development.
Now, Mr.
do you think that
I don't want to ask a hypothetical
question, and I'll leave it up
to you whether you
believe it is once.
Do you think that just
because Mr. Carr
charges you with wrong
doing, that you have to
write to charge him with
wrong doing, even
not just up to that time,
you did not feel that he
was guilty of any wrong
doing.
Well, sir.
It is kind of a
hypothetical question, and I
can only answer it
in the same manner
that I've answered
a month, and I'm
thinking of a fear
that will not satisfy you.
By the time
Mr. McCarthy
charges were out, I
reviewed all of the
incidents in the past
two months.
They seemed to be
a valid pattern, which
on the occasion
be a service of anyone
that the incident has
not gotten me.
Mr. Carr, what
did you first do
on the Army?
As an employee?
What?
Why did you first
do on the Army?
Well, I was
convinced he needed
me.
I was convinced he needed
I was convinced in the
Army as an officer.
When I graduated
in the College of
History in 1934, I
went to activity in the
Army in 1942, early
World War II.
When did you leave the
Army?
I served on an
activity for about three
and three quarters.
Years, I think my
separation papers are
about the first
of January 1946.
What brand is the
service we
win?
My biggest
French
infrastructure.
Well, now, I
just want to
come back to the
Department of
Defense.
I can do this
problem with the
Census, the
Football Service.
I was a
Attorney
Disclosure, so I want
you to take a
very advanced
on about the Census.
I was supposed to
serve the
Army in 1949.
Where
you went with the
Army?
I was going to
information.
get the information.
I was going to